>> Nina Zakharenko: Hopefully you all were
able to grab a fork of my repository,
and update your remotes to point to it.
We're gonna use this a little bit
later for a different exercise.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Before
our final wrap up,
where we're gonna talk about
GitHub a little bit more.
I wanna reiterate the dangerous zone.
So these are all the local destructive
operations that you might be able to take.
git checkout -- file, git reset -- hard.
In this case, if you do one of these
operations on files that have changes,
there's no path to recovery unless
you had a copy somewhere else.
I highly recommend stashing them.
If you're lucky and
you stash the changes, that's great.
But really for this reason,
remember to commit early and often.
It's a great.
You can always clean up your local
history at any point in time.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Destructive operations
for a remote, rewriting history, rebase,
amend, reset.
If you do any of these things,
don't ever run git push -f if
your code is hosted or shared.
Super important.